README.md, before:

# Secure Group Chat

## Description

A secure group chat application using a PGP-based cryptosystem.

## Getting Started

### Requirements

The following dependencies are required (with recommended versions):

- Java 15

Note: Gradle is used for build automation but need not be installed.

### Installation

Follow these instructions to build the project:

#### Windows

1. ```cd secure-group-chat```

1. ```gradlew build``` 

#### Unix

1. ```cd secure-group-chat```

1. ```./gradlew build``` 

## Usage

Once the project is built, run the following commands to:

1. Run the certificate authority
1. Run the server
1. Run 3 separate clients (```-debug``` flag displays detailed PGP message encoding/decoding and transmission logs, remove it to use the application normally)

#### Windows

1. ```run ca```
1. ```run server```
1. ```run client -debug``` or ```run client``` (in 3 separate terminals)

#### Unix

1. ```./run ca```
1. ```./run server```
1. ```./run client -debug``` or ```./run client``` (in 3 separate terminals)

To terminate a client application, simply type ```quit``` and press enter.

### Clean

To remove build-related artefacts and files, run:

#### Windows

1. ```gradlew clean```

#### Unix

1. ```./gradlew clean```

## Authors

- Jaron Cohen
- Bailey Green
- Carl Combrinck

Commit message:

Add assumption about case-insensitive client names

README.md, after:

# Secure Group Chat

## Description

A secure group chat application using a PGP-based cryptosystem.

## Getting Started

### Requirements

The following dependencies are required (with recommended versions):

- Java 15

Note: Gradle is used for build automation but need not be installed.

### Installation

Follow these instructions to build the project:

#### Windows

1. ```cd secure-group-chat```

1. ```gradlew build``` 

#### Unix

1. ```cd secure-group-chat```

1. ```./gradlew build``` 

## Usage

Once the project is built, run the following commands to:

1. Run the certificate authority
1. Run the server
1. Run 3 separate clients (```-debug``` flag displays detailed PGP message encoding/decoding and transmission logs, remove it to use the application normally)

#### Windows

1. ```run ca```
1. ```run server```
1. ```run client -debug``` or ```run client``` (in 3 separate terminals)

#### Unix

1. ```./run ca```
1. ```./run server```
1. ```./run client -debug``` or ```./run client``` (in 3 separate terminals)

To terminate a client application, simply type ```quit``` and press enter.

### Clean

To remove build-related artefacts and files, run:

#### Windows

1. ```gradlew clean```

#### Unix

1. ```./gradlew clean```

## Assumptions

- When using the application, we assume client names entered are case-insenstive distinct (i.e. we do not permit "Carl" and "carl" as two separate client names, as certificate aliases are case-insensitive).

## Authors

- Jaron Cohen
- Bailey Green
- Carl Combrinck
